* AngularJS directives allow us to use our own vocabulary to create semantic HTML components. 
* To take advantage should be aware of how it works to avoid some annoying and hard to find issues.

###Naming convention
* Directives have camel cased names such as ngApp
* Directive can be invoked by translating the camel case name into snake case with these special characters :, -, or _. E.g. ng-app/ng:app/ng_app for ngApp
* Recommendation is to use dash. E.g. ng-app for ngApp
* To use an HTML validating tool, the data-prefixed version (e.g. data-ng-app for ngApp) can be used.

###Differences between defining and using

######Defining (the JS)
To define a new custom directives need to do is use the directive method which expects two parameters: a name and a constructor function.

```
angular.module('myDirectives', []).
 directive('myAwesomeDirective', function() {
   return {
     restrict: 'E',
     template: '<h1>This is awesome!</h1>'
   };
 });
 ```
In this case, the name must be written using camelCase and each capital letter will represent a dash when we use this directive.

######Using (the HTML)

```
<my-awesome-directive></my-awesome-directive>
```

In this case, the name must be written using dashes and each dash represents a capital letter from the directive definition.

`💡 Note:Prefer using the dash-delimited format (e.g. ng-bind for ngBind). If HTML validating tool need to be used, instead the data-prefixed version (e.g. data-ng-bind for ngBind) can be used. The other forms shown above are accepted for legacy reasons but advise to avoid them.`

######Use an unique preffix
* To avoid naming collision with future HTML elements, use a preffix as a kind of namespace.
* Examples:
 - ng- (from the core)
 - ui- (from angular-ui)
 - my- (common in examples)
 - wm- (Wealth Management project)


