* [AngularJS Directives](https://docs.angularjs.org/api/ng/directive)

Built-In Directives
*	Angular comes with a set of these directives built-in, like ngBind, ngModel, and ngClass. 
*	Much like you create controllers and services, you can create your own directives for Angular to use.

Here is a list of AngularJS built in directives with description.

 Directives 	Description 
  * ng-app -- It is added to set the AngularJS section. 
  * ng-init -- It sets default variable value.
  * ng-bind -- It is an alternative to {{ }} template.
  * ng-bind-template --It binds multiple expressions to the view.
  * ng-non-bindable -- It used to not to bind data.
  * ng-bind-html -- It used to bind inner HTML property of an HTML element.
  * ng-change -- It evaluates specified expression when the user changes the input.
  * ng-checked -- It is used to set checkbox checked.
  * ng-class -- It is used to the css class dynamically.
  * ng-cloak -- It is usedv to prevent displaying the content until AngularJS has taken control.
  * ng-click -- It is used to execute a method or expression when element is clicked.
  * ng-controller -- It is used to attach a controller class to the view.
  * ng-disabled -- It is used to attach disabled attributes to the form element.
  * ng-form -- It is used to set form within a form.
  * ng-href -- It is used to dynamically bind AngularJS variables to the href attribute.
  * ng-include -- It is used to fetch, compile and include an external HTML fragment to your page.
  * ng-if -- It is used to remove or recreate an element in the DOM depending on an expression
  * ng-switch -- It is used to conditionally switch control based on matching expression.
  * ng-model -- It is used to bind an input,select, textarea etc elements with model property.
  * ng-readonly -- It is used to set readonly attribute to an element.
  * ng-repeat -- It is used to loop through each item in collection to create a new template.
  * ng-selected -- It is used to set selected option in `<select>` element.
  * ng-show or ng-hide -- It workes based on expression, if true then the element is shown or hidden respectively.
  * ng-src -- It is used to dynamically bind AngularJS variables to the src attribute.
  * ng-submit -- It is used to bind angular expressions to onsubmit events.
 

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="jboJvY" data-default-tab="result" data-user="walkingtree" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree/pen/jboJvY/'>jboJvY</a> by Walking Tree (<a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree'>@walkingtree</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>
  

