A set of AngularJS <a class="x-grid-item"  href='/slidedeck/#1. Overview/2 Core-Concepts/5. Directives' target="_blank">directives</a> to help with responsive design.

One of the things I keep seeing on the Internets is different strategies for how to build a responsive web site.

There are basically two basic strategies:
* Use different views for each target device type, this increases the workload on web designers because they have to create a different HTML file for each supported device type.
* Use a single combined HTML file that uses CSS and media queries to hide those sections that should not be visible on a particular device. This decreases the workload on web designers, but sections that are not displayed still pull images and take up DOM processing time.

The angular-responsive directives are designed to help solve the issue of unnecessary web requests and excess DOM processing by not inserting the content contained in the directive unless the web page is displayed on the proper device. This keeps network traffic to a minimum and helps to reduce DOM node processing overall.

How to use angular-responsive
*	First you need to include the responsive-directive.js file in your project and then you need to add a dependency to your AngularJS App module.
*	Second you use apply the appropriate directive to a div or span surrounding the content you want to display conditionally.
*	Notice on the responsive directive we pass in a Json object to the directive that indicates on which device type the content should be displayed.
