#### Yeoman Installation:

Most of your interactions with Yeoman will be through the command line. Run commands in the Terminal app if you’re on Mac, your shell in Linux, or cmder (preferably) / PowerShell / cmd.exe if you are on Windows.

* For installing YO, we will need NodeJs, npm (node package manager) and git.
*	To install the latest npm --
	`npm install --global npm@latest`
*	Install the git from the Git website if needed.
*	Install the Yeoman toolset --
	```html	
    npm install --global yo bower grunt-cli
  ```
*	Check that everything is installed or not, by giving these command --
```html	
    yo --version
    bower --version
    grunt --version
    ```
*	Install AngularJs generator --
  ```html	
	npm install --global generator-angular
	```
*	Or run “yo” and select “Install a generator” to search for published generators.
*	Create a project folder --

```html
	mkdir mytodo && cd mytodo
	```
	
	This folder is where the generator will place your scaffolded project files.

`Note: The Angular generator will dynamically use the name of your folder to make a namespace for your app. For example, mytodo will become angular.module(‘mytodoApp’, []). So make sure that you don’t have any typos in mytodo before onto the next step.`

*	Run `yo` again to see the generators.

If you have a few generators installed, you’ll be able to interactively choose from them and Hit enter to run the generator.

```javascript	
Note: We can use generators directly if we are familiar with `yo` -- `yo angular`

```
*	Configure your generator, it will ask to you that what you want, enter the y/n according to your requirement -- 
	
*	Review the Yeoman generated app --
  Open up your mytodo directory to take a look
 
*	 Preview your app in the browser --

 Run a Grunt task to create a local, Node-based http server on localhost:9000 (or  127.0.0.1:9000 for some configurations) by typing : `grunt serve`
 
*	 Your app will look like this in the browser --
	 
* For more details - 
```html	
	http://yeoman.io/codelab/meet-yeoman.html
	
```

#### Direct installation
Perform the following steps:
* To start, let's first download a version of AngularJS from http:www.angularjs.org.
* Click on the Download button and select the following options from the pop-up window:
* Branch: Select Stable
* Build: Select Minified
* You also have access to a CDN. The CDN will give you access around the world to regional data centers that in this case, Google host. This means using CDN moves the responsibility of hosting files from your own servers to a series of external ones.
```javascript
<script src = "https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.3.0-beta.17/angular.min.js"></script>
```
Download the JS file and place it in your project's folder.
Let us start by writing a simple AngularJS app. Create an index.html file with the following code:

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="QjZzza" data-default-tab="result" data-user="walkingtree" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree/pen/QjZzza/'>QjZzza</a> by Walking Tree (<a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree'>@walkingtree</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>

#### Explanation:
Above example shows how Angular is included.
