A filter formats the value of an expression for display to the user.
###Features:
* They can be used in view templates, controllers or services and it is easy to define your own filter.
* filterProvider is the API

Filter 	Description
* currency -- Format a number to currency format.
* filter -- Select a subset of items from an array.
* lowercase -- Format a string to lowercase.
* orderBy -- Orders an array by expression.
* uppercase -- Format a string to uppercase.

###Using filters in view templates
Filters can be applied to expressions in view templates using the following syntax:
```html
{{ expression | filter }}
{{ expression | filter1 | filter2 | ... }}
{{ expression | filter:argument1:argument2:... }}
```
All this will do is this pipe [|] is a separator between the data binding statement and something called a filter.

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="xwyQPP" data-default-tab="result" data-user="walkingtree" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree/pen/xwyQPP/'>xwyQPP</a> by Walking Tree (<a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree'>@walkingtree</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>
#### Explanation
* In the above example we are trying to filter notebooks data with a input we have entered in inbox. lets see how it works
* In the controller we set <a class="x-grid-item"  href='/slidedeck/#1. Overview/2 Core-Concepts/7. Scope' target="_blank">scope</a> variable `notebooks` with list of notebooks. and we set orderList with `name`.
* Before the ng-repeat tries to repeat the block with list of notebooks it first filters data what ever we provide in the syntax. `ng-repeat="notebook in notebooks | filter:query | orderBy: orderList` 
* Here first it filters data `notebooks` with `query`. `query` is a scope variable set by the user when he enters in the tex box.
* When ever user enters input in the text box filter filters the `notebooks` with user input. 
* May be you are having a doubt. `How this query is updated with data entered in the textbox?`.
* `ngmodel` is the directive which deals with two way data binding for more info please go for topic <a class="x-grid-item"  href='/slidedeck/#1. Overview/2 Core-Concepts/12. Data Binding' target="_blank">Data Binding</a>


###Using filters in Controllers, services and directives:
* Filters can also be used  in controllers, services, and directives. 
* For this, inject a dependency with the name <filterName>Filter to your controller/service/directive. 

E.g. using the dependency numberFilter will inject the number filter
Example:

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="OyBaeP" data-default-tab="result" data-user="walkingtree" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree/pen/OyBaeP/'>OyBaeP</a> by Walking Tree (<a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree'>@walkingtree</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>


