###Overview

In Angular, a Controller is defined by a JavaScript constructor function that is used to augment the Angular <a class="x-grid-item" target="_blank" href='/slidedeck/#1. Overview/2 Core-Concepts/7. Scope'>Scope</a>.

###Features
*	When a Controller is attached to the DOM via the ng-controller directive, Angular will instantiate a new Controller object, using the specified Controller's constructor function. 
* A new child scope will be created and made available as an injectable parameter to the Controller's constructor function as $scope.

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="EVOPVL" data-default-tab="result" data-user="walkingtree" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree/pen/EVOPVL/'>EVOPVL</a> by Walking Tree (<a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree'>@walkingtree</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>

####Explanation:
* The above example explains the way the view and controller are getting binded.
* The view contains two buttons Chinese and Japanese and paragraph containing ```{{lang}}```
* On click of each button the language changes in the view which is achieved by declaring ```$scope.lang = 'Chinese';```,```$scope.lang = 'Japanese';``` in controller.

####Use controllers to:
- [x]	Set up the initial state of the $scope object.
- [x]	Add behavior to the $scope object.

####Do not use controllers to:
- [x]	Manipulate DOM — Controllers should contain only business logic. Putting any presentation logic into Controllers significantly affects its testability. Angular has data binding  for most cases and directives to encapsulate manual DOM manipulation.
- [x]	Format input — Use angular form controls instead.
- [x]	Filter output — Use angular filters instead.
- [x]	Share code or state across controllers — Use angular services instead.
- [x]	Manage the life-cycle of other components 

`💡 Note: Don’t let controllers own the domain model.`

###Example of Nested Contoller:

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="ojmwJe" data-default-tab="result" data-user="walkingtree" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree/pen/ojmwJe/'>ojmwJe</a> by Walking Tree (<a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree'>@walkingtree</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>

###Explanation
* In the example there are two controllers declared ```MainController``` for main view and ```SubController``` for child view.
* In each controller required ```this.title = 'AngularJS Nested Controller```,```this.title = 'Sub-heading';``` are defined as per requirement and binded to view using markups ```{{main.title}}```,```{{sub.title}}```
