Reusable business logic independent of views. These define methods with AJAX and REST calls.AngularJS comes with several built-in services such as $http. These are singleton objects which are instantiated only once in app. AngularJS provides $http control which works as a service to read 		data from the server. Server makes a database call to get the desired records. AngularJS needs data in JSON format. Once the 	data is ready, $http can be used to get the data from server.

AngularJS supports Separation of Concerns using services architecture. Services are JavaScript functions meant to perform only specific tasks. This makes them individual entities which are maintainable and testable. The controllers and filters can call them on requirement basis. Services are normally injected using dependency injection mechanism of AngularJS.

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="MaLPYE" data-default-tab="result" data-user="walkingtree" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree/pen/MaLPYE/'>MaLPYE</a> by Walking Tree (<a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree'>@walkingtree</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>
Explanation: 
* Services can be injected into filters or controllers in the above example a service `contactService` is injected in to controller.
* When ever we want to use any method in contactService we can use with name `contactService.method()`
* We have copied contacts in contactService to scope using `$scope.contacts = ContactService.list();`
* We are saving new contact using `ContactService.save($scope.newcontact);`
In similar way we can use methods in service by using `contactService`

