Extend HTML with custom attributes and elements. Directives are markers on DOM elements such as elements,	attributes, css, and more. These can be used to create custom HTML tags that serve as new, custom widgets. AngularJS has built-in directives such as ngBind, ngModel, ngApp etc.

AngularJS directives are extended HTML attributes with the prefix ng-.

*	The ng-app directive defines an AngularJS application.
*	The ng-model directive binds the value of HTML controls (input, select, textarea) to application data.
*	The ng-bind directive binds application data to the HTML view.
*	The ng-init  directive initializes application data.
*	The ng-repeat directive repeats html elements for each item in a collection.
*	ng-include: We can embed HTML pages within an HTML page using ng-include directive.

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="jbXEGy" data-default-tab="result" data-user="walkingtree" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree/pen/jbXEGy/'>jbXEGy</a> by Walking Tree (<a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree'>@walkingtree</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>

In the above example if we observe we are using some directives like `ng-init`, `ng-repeat`, `ng-model` and `ng-app`.
`ng-init` is where we can set initial values, if see we set quantity and price to 1 and 5 respectively.
And we have a directive ng-model which updates scope variable.
`Example ng-model="quantity"` here what ever user enters in this input box will automatically updates quantity.
`ng-repeat` this copies whatever inside it and multiplies based on number of elements in the list.
Example: `ng-repeat` will repeat the content inside the div which it is mounted. This repeat count will depends on the list or array length (length of name) we are using in ng-repeat.



Custom Directives: Custom directives are used in AngularJS to extend the functionality of HTML. They are defined using directive function. A custom directive simply replaces the element for which it is activated. During bootstrap, the AngularJS application finds matching elements and does one-time activity using its compile() method of the custom directive. Then it processes the element using link() method of the custom directive based on the scope of the directive. AngularJS provides support to create custom directives for the following elements:

* Element directive - This activates when a matching element is encountered.
* Attribute - This activates when a matching attribute is encountered.
* CSS - This activates when a matching CSS style is encountered.
* Comment - This activates when a matching comment is encountered.

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="xwMrpO" data-default-tab="result" data-user="walkingtree" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree/pen/xwMrpO/'>xwMrpO</a> by Walking Tree (<a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree'>@walkingtree</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>

Here restrict property in directive says what type of directive it is.

Example 
* if restrict is 'A' then it is attribute type.
* if restrict is 'E' then it is Element type.
* if restrict is 'C' then it is Class type.
* if restrict is 'M' then it is Comment type.

