####Overview:
There are many filter components such as filter, currency , number, date , json, lowercase, upper case, limitTo, orderBy
*	orderBy is used to achieve reverse functionality of filters
*	Orders a specified array by the expression predicate
####Usage:
In HTML Template Binding
```script
{{ orderBy_expression | orderBy : expression : reverse}}
```
In JavaScript
`$filter('orderBy')(array, expression, reverse)`
Arguments:
|Param|	Type	|Details|
|----|----|----|
|array|	Array|
The array (or array-like object) to sort.|
|expression	|function(*)stringArray.<(function(*)|string)>=
|A predicate to be used by the comparator to determine the order of elements.
Can be one of:
•	function: Getter function. The result of this function will be sorted using the <, ===, >operator.
•	string: An Angular expression. The result of this expression is used to compare elements (for example name to sort by a property called name or name.substr(0, 3) to sort by 3 first characters of a property called name). The result of a constant expression is interpreted as a property name to be used in comparisons (for example "special name"to sort object by the value of their special name property). An expression can be optionally prefixed with + or - to control ascending or descending sort order (for example, +name or -name). If no property is provided, (e.g. '+') then the array element itself is used to compare where sorting.
•	Array: An array of function or string predicates. The first predicate in the array is used for sorting, but when two items are equivalent, the next predicate is used.
If the predicate is missing or empty then it defaults to '+'.|
|reverse
(optional)	|boolean|
Reverse the order of the array.|
Returns:
Sorted copy of the source array.
Example:
<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="GpPJaO" data-default-tab="result" data-user="walkingtree" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree/pen/GpPJaO/'>GpPJaO</a> by Walking Tree (<a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree'>@walkingtree</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>
