#### Overview

A Single Page Application (SPA) is a web application or website that loads all of the resources required to navigate throughout the site on the first page load. As the user clicks links and interacts with the page, subsequent content is loaded dynamically. The application will often update the URL in the address bar to emulate traditional page navigation, but another full page request is never made.

Single page applicatins are becoming increasingly popular. Sites that mimic the single page app behavior are able to provide the feel of a phone/tablet application. Angular helps to create applications like this easily.

AngularJS is built around the belief that declarative programming should be used for building UIs and wiring software components, while imperative programming is excellent for expressing business logic. The framework adapts and extends traditional HTML to better serve dynamic content through <a class="x-grid-item"  href='/slidedeck/#6. View-Models-and-Data-Binding/5. Two-way Binding' target="_blank">two-way data binding</a> that allows for the automatic synchronization of models and views. As a result, AngularJS deemphasizes DOM manipulation and improves testability.

AngularJS design goals:

* Decouple DOM manipulation from application logic. This improves the testability of the code.
* Regard application testing as equal in importance to application writing. Testing difficulty is dramatically affected by the way the code is structured.
* Decouple the client side of an application from the server side. This allows development work to progress in parallel, and allows for reuse of both sides.
* Guide developers through the entire journey of building an application: from designing the UI, through writing the business logic, to testing.
