*	A library - a collection of functions which are useful when writing web apps. Your code is in charge and it calls into the library when it sees fit. E.g., jQuery.
*	Frameworks - a particular implementation of a web application, where your code fills in the details. The framework is in charge and it calls into your code when it needs something app specific. E.g., Ext JS, EmberJS, etc..

AngularJS is the most popular and dominant JavaScript framework for professional web development. It is well suited for small, large and any sized web app and web application. 

### AngularJS is different from other JavaScript framework in following ways:  
* AngularJS mark-up lives in the DOM. 
* AngularJS uses plain old JavaScript objects (POJO). 
* AngularJS is leverages with Dependency Injection.
* Data binding, as in {{}}.
* Support for forms and form validation.
* Grouping of HTML into reusable components.

It does all kinds of good stuff.
We have <a class="x-grid-item"  href='/slidedeck/#6. View-Models-and-Data-Binding/5. Two-way Binding' target="_blank">two way binding</a>. We have the Model-View-Controller concept. Routing of the Views I
mentioned into the shell pages is done through built-in routing support.

Testing was designed right from the beginning so you can build very robust tests if you’d like, which
is obviously recommended.

For DOM manipulation jQLite is built-in which is kind of like the Mini-Me of jQuery. If you want to use more advanced stuff you can even use jQuery and they play really nice together: Angular and jQuery.

When it comes to data binding we have full support for templates. History’s built in. We can share
code through factories and services and other things.

Then there’s even more. We have the concept of data-binding with View Models. <a class="x-grid-item"  href='/slidedeck//#1. Overview/2 Core-Concepts/5. Directives' target="_blank">Directives</a> I’m going to be talking about in the next section, which is a way to teach HTML new tricks. Validation. Dynamically injecting different features at run time through dependency injection and much much more.

