* Template
* Container
* Layout
* Event
* Styles

#### Template
Template is partial html where it holds dynamic data from model and rendered and display it as view.

Web templates can be used by any individual or organization to set up their website. Once a template is purchased or downloaded, the user will replace all generic information included in the web template with their own personal, organizational or product information. Examples of common uses of Templates are listed below:

Display personal information or daily activities as in a blog.
Sell products on-line.
Display information about a company or organization.
Display family history.
Display a gallery of photos.
Place music files such as MP3 files on-line for play through a web browser.
Place videos on-line for public viewing.
To set up a private login area on-line.

#### Container
* In HTML, the container is the area enclosed by the beginning and ending tags. For example < HTML > encloses an entire document while other tags may enclose a single word, paragraph, or other elements. In HTML code, all container must have a start and stop tag to close the container. Without a stop tag the start tag will apply to the entire document.
* In software development terminology, the word container is used to describe any component that can contain other components inside itself.
* In video terminology, container is often used to specifically describe a container format.

#### Layouts
HTML5 offers new semantic elements that define different parts of a web page:

HTML5 Semantic Elements	

 Category | Defination
|----| ----|
|header	|Defines a header for a document or a section|
|nav	|Defines a container for navigation links|
|section	|Defines a section in a document|
|article|	Defines an independent self-contained article|
|aside	|Defines content aside from the content (like a sidebar)|
|footer	|Defines a footer for a document or a section|
|details	|Defines additional details|
|summary	|Defines a heading for the details element|
