### Introduction
It is very important to have organised and easily pluggable architecture for every project.
We would like to see code bundled by the feature to which it belongs. There can be many manifestations of this, but here are two examples:

Instead of something like this for a /myaccount route:
```html
|-- src/
|   |-- scripts/
|   |   |-- controllers/
|   |   |   |-- myaccount.js
|   |-- test/
|   |   |-- spec/
|   |   |   |-- controllers/
|   |   |   |   |-- myaccount.js
|   |-- views/
|   |   |-- myaccount.html
```
I'd prefer to see it like this:

```script
|-- src/
|   |-- app/
|   |   |-- myaccount /
|   |   |   |-- myaccount.js
|   |   |   |-- myaccount.spec.js
|   |   |   |-- myaccount.tpl.html
```
This is a much simpler directory structure, but makes the “myaccount” module very portable. It is also self-contained: it can be totally refactored without impacting the rest of the application.

####Complex-Component:
If we have complex component, it is likely composed of multiple smaller components. 
A cleaner directory structure would look something like this:

```script
|-- src/
|   |-- components/
|   |   |-- editor/
|   |   |   |-- editing.js
|   |   |   |-- editor.js
|   |   |   |-- editor.spec.js
|   |   |   |-- editingStorage.js
|   |   |   |-- editingStorage.spec.js
|   |   |   |-- editingRender.js
|   |   |   |-- editingRender.spec.js
```
Now it's pretty clear we're talking about one component, albeit a complex one that spans multiple layers. But each sub-component of the editor is still standalone, if need be - that's just good programming.
#####Isolate the Modules
A logical extension of this reorganization is to so-define our modules. In this pattern, each directory roughly corresponds to a module. Instead of this:
```script
angular.module( 'myApp' )
  .controller( 'HomeCtrl', function ($scope) {
// ...
  });
  ```
We would have this:
```script
angular.module( 'home', [] )
  .controller('HomeCtrl', function ($scope) {
// ...
  });
  ```
Similarly for the editing component:
```script
angular.module( 'editor', [
'editing.editor',
'editing.editingStorage',
'editing.editingRender'
])
```
Where those modules are defined in their respective files. And our main app.js file simply requires the top-level modules:
```script
angular.module( 'myApp', [
'home',
'editing'
]);
```
####Modularized Routing
Using the above example, yo angular:route home would generate this:
```script
|-- src/
|   |-- app/
|   |   |-- home/
|   |   |   |-- home.js
|   |   |   |-- home.spec.js
|   |   |   |-- home.tpl.html
```
But instead of defining the route in app.js, we would let the home module set up its own routing:
```script
angular.module( 'home', [] )

.config( function ( $routeProvider ) {
  $routeProvider
    .when( '/home', {
      templateUrl:'home/home.tpl.html',
      controller:'HomeCtrl'
    });
})

.controller( 'HomeCtrl', function ( $scope ) {
// ...
})
```
Nothing is required in the app.js in terms of routing, unless the user should choose to define a default redirect, such as to /home.

####Feature Nesting
The existing directory structure is very flat. For small projects, this is perfectly fine, but for non-trivial projects it can become a file management nightmare. If we organize our code by the feature or component they implement and use adjacent templates and tests, it also makes sense to be able to nest them. 
Considering the route example:
|-- src/
|   |-- app/
|   |   |-- products/
|   |   |   |-- products.js
|   |   |   |-- products.spec.js
|   |   |   |-- products.tpl.html
|   |   |   |-- create/
|   |   |   |   |-- create.js
|   |   |   |   |-- create.tpl.html
|   |   |   |-- ...
In this case, each directory should roughly correspond to a single "submodule". The products directory is a module called products, making create something like products.create. Using this pattern, the products module can require all requisite submodules:
```script
angular.module( 'products', [
  'products.list',
  'products.view',
  'products.create',
  'products.search'
]);
```
Again, because the target is reusability, each app module is responsible for declaring its own dependencies, which will "bubble up" from products.create to products to myApp. Routing would work similarly; each submodule can define its own routing, in theory "namespacing" to its parent module. For example, products.create could define a route of /products/create.
This same "nested" pattern would also apply to complex components, though they would obviously not include routing. E.g.:
```script
|-- src/
|   |-- components/
|   |   |-- editor/
|   |   |   |-- editor.js
|   |   |   |-- plugins/
|   |   |   |   |-- syntax.js
|   |   |   |   |-- align.js
```
Internal "Components"
Lastly, I make a distinction between app code, the stuff that is somewhat unique to our problem domain, and components, the stuff that may come from a third party but that is more immediately reusable in unrelated projects.
With this concept in mind, we should be able to mix in the components directory the third-party libraries that come from Bower, the third-party libraries we download manually, and the reusable components that we are coding for this application specifically. e.g.:
```script
|-- src/
|   |-- components/
|   |   |-- angular-placeholders/     <downloaded>
|   |   |-- angular-ui-bootstrap/     <bower>
|   |   |-- editor/                   <internal>
```


