The angular-translate is an AngularJS module that brings i18n (internationalization) and l10n (localization) into your Angular app. It allows you to create a JSON file that represents translation data as per language. These languages specific JSON files can be lazy-loads from the server only when necessary. The angular-translate library (angular-translate.js) also provides built-in directives and filters that make the process of internationalizing simple.

*	i18n means Internationalization, where 18 stands for the number of letters in word Internationalization between the first i and last n. It is the process of developing products in such a way that they can be localized for languages and cultures easily. 
*	L10n means Localization, where 10 stand for the number of letters in word Localization between the first L and last n. It is the process of adapting applications and text to enable their usability in a particular culture.
*	$locale service provides localization rules for various Angular components. As of now the only public api is: id – {string}
*	For example, a locale id is formatted as: languageId-countryId (e.g. en-us)
*	A locale is a specific geographical, political, or cultural region. The most commonly used locale ID consists of two parts: language code and country code. For example, en-US, en-AU, hi-IN are all valid locale IDs that have both language codes and country codes.

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="RWErwE" data-default-tab="result" data-user="walkingtree" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree/pen/RWErwE/'>RWErwE</a> by Walking Tree (<a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree'>@walkingtree</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>
