###Overview:
*	By default, any change to the content will trigger a model update and form validation. 
*	You can override this behavior using the ngModelOptions directive to bind only to specified list of events. 

###Usage:
*	By default, change in content of the input element triggers the model update and validates the form. 
*	However, we can override this behavior by attaching ng-model-options  directive with event name to the input element.
*	The values of the ng-model-options  can be following
*	{updateOn : 'blur'} - updates the model when this element loose focus
*	{updateOn : 'mouseup'} - updates the model when this element is clicked and mouse button is released
*	{updateOn : 'default'} - updates the model with default behavior, as and when the key is pressed
*	{updateOn : 'default mousedown'} - updates the model with default behavior, as and when the key is pressed or mousedown event fires on the element

###ngModelOptions:
*	Using ngModelOptions you can specify a custom list of events that will trigger a model update.
* Actual update only takes place when timer will be reset after another change takes place.
Param	Type	Details
ngModelOptions	Object
•	updateOn: string specifying which event should the input be bound to. You can set several events using an space delimited list. There is a special event called default that matches the default events belonging of the control.

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="KdbKwY" data-default-tab="result" data-user="walkingtree" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree/pen/KdbKwY/'>KdbKwY</a> by Walking Tree (<a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree'>@walkingtree</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>

###Explanation:
* The following example shows two types of form fields in regular form data updates automatically when data is entered.
* In update on form,Changes on the inputs within the form will update the model only when the control loses focus.This is achieved on using ```{ updateOn: 'blur' }```


