###Overview:
*	Angular provides some directives for validation  such as required, pattern, minlength, maxlength, min, max. 
*	With a custom directive, you can add your own validation functions to the $validators object on the ngModelController	

###Usage:
*	Each function in the $validators object receives the modelValue and the viewValue as parameters. 
*	Angular will then call $setValidity   internally with the function's return value true when valid and false when invalid. 
*	The validation functions are executed every time an input is changed or whenever the bound model changes. 
*	Validation happens after successfully running$parsers and $formatters, respectively. 
*	Failed validators are stored by key in ngModelController.$error.

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="BovBLZ" data-default-tab="result" data-user="walkingtree" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree/pen/BovBLZ/'>BovBLZ</a> by Walking Tree (<a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree'>@walkingtree</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>	

###Explanation:
In the following example we create two directives:
* An integer directive that validates whether the input is a valid integer. For example, 1.23 is an invalid value, since it contains a fraction. Note that we validate the viewValue (the string value of the control), and not the modelValue. This is because input[number] converts the viewValue to a number when running the $parsers.
* A username directive that asynchronously checks if a user-entered value is already taken. We mock the server request with a $q deferred.
