Architecture focuses on how the major elements and components within an application are used by, or interact with, other major elements and components within the application. The selection of data structures and algorithms or the implementation details of individual components are design concerns. Architecture and design concerns very often overlap. Rather than use hard and fast rules to distinguish between architecture and design, it makes sense to combine these two areas. In some cases, decisions are clearly more architectural in nature. In other cases, the decisions are more about design, and how they help you to realize that architecture.
By following the processes described in this guide, and using the information it contains, you will be able to construct architectural solutions that address all of the relevant concerns, can be deployed on your chosen infrastructure, and provide results that meet the original aims and objectives.
Consider the following high level concerns when thinking about software architecture:

* How will the users be using the application?
* How will the application be deployed into production and managed?
* What are the quality attribute requirements for the application, such as security, performance, concurrency, internationalization, and configuration?
* How can the application be designed to be flexible and maintainable over time?
* What are the architectural trends that might impact your application now or after it has been deployed?

The Goals of Architecture
Application architecture seeks to build a bridge between business requirements and technical requirements by understanding use cases, and then finding ways to implement those use cases in the software. The goal of architecture is to identify the requirements that affect the structure of the application. Good architecture reduces the business risks associated with building a technical solution. A good design is sufficiently flexible to be able to handle the natural drift that will occur over time in hardware and software technology, as well as in user scenarios and requirements. An architect must consider the overall effect of design decisions, the inherent tradeoffs between quality attributes (such as performance and security), and the tradeoffs required to address user, system, and business requirements.
Keep in mind that the architecture should:
* Expose the structure of the system but hide the implementation details.
* Realize all of the use cases and scenarios.
* Try to address the requirements of various stakeholders.
* Handle both functional and quality requirements.


Brief History:

* [What has happened since 1990?](http://www.evolutionoftheweb.com/)
* We had static websites
* There was no client-side architecture
* Many browsers emerged - Chrome, FF, Safari, Opera, IE, Netscape, etc.
* Many frameworks emerged - Dojo, YUI, prototype, Ext JS, Silverlight, GWT, etc.
* Modern Web applications work differently
* It is effortless to mingle JavaScript with HTML
