### Overview

NgModelController provides API for the ngModel directive. 
The controller contains services for data-binding, validation, CSS updates, and value formatting and parsing. 
It purposefully does not contain any logic which deals with DOM rendering or listening to DOM events.

### Methods
#### $render()-
Called when the view needs to be updated. It is expected that the user of the ng-model directive will implement this method.
The $render() method is invoked in the following situations:
$rollbackViewValue() is called. If we are rolling back the view value to the last committed value then $render() is called to update the input control.
The value referenced by ng-model is changed programmatically and both the $modelValue and the $viewValue are different from last time.

#### $isEmpty(value)-
This is called when we need to determine if the value of an input is empty.
The default $isEmpty function checks whether the value is undefined, '', null or NaN.
#### Parameters
|Param|	Type|	Details|
|----|----|----|
|value|	*	|The value of the input to check for emptiness.|

Returns-
boolean	True if value is "empty".

#### $setValidity(validationErrorKey, isValid)-
Change the validity state, and notify the form.
This method can be called within $parsers/$formatters or a custom validation implementation.

Parameters

|Param	|Type|	Details|
|----|----|----|
|validationErrorKey	|string	|Name of the validator. The validationErrorKey will be assigned to either $error[validationErrorKey] or $pending[validationErrorKey] (for unfulfilled $asyncValidators), so that it is available for data-binding. The validationErrorKey should be in camelCase and will get converted into dash-case for class name. Example: myError will result in ng-valid-my-error and ng-invalid-my-error class and can be bound to as {{someForm.someControl.$error.myError}} .|
|isValid|	boolean|	Whether the current state is valid (true), invalid (false), pending (undefined), or skipped (null). Pending is used for unfulfilled $asyncValidators. Skipped is used by Angular when validators do not run because of parse errors and when $asyncValidators do not run because any of the $validators failed.|



#### $setPristine()-

Sets the control to its pristine state.
This method can be called to remove the ng-dirty class and set the control to its pristine state (ng-pristine class). 

#### $setDirty()-
Sets the control to its dirty state.
This method can be called to remove the ng-pristine class and set the control to its dirty state (ng-dirty class).

#### $setUntouched()-

Sets the control to its untouched state.
This method can be called to remove the ng-touched class and set the control to its untouched state (ng-untouched class).

#### $setTouched()-

Sets the control to its touched state.
This method can be called to remove the ng-untouched class and set the control to its touched state (ng-touched class).

#### $rollbackViewValue()-

If you have an input that uses ng-model-options to set up debounced events or events such as blur you can have a situation where there is a period when the $viewValue is out of synch with the ngModel's $modelValue.
The $rollbackViewValue() method should be called before programmatically changing the model of an input.

#### $validate()-
Runs each of the registered validators (first synchronous validators and then asynchronous validators).
If the validity changes to invalid, the model will be set to undefined, unless ngModelOptions.allowInvalid is true.
If the validity changes to valid, it will set the model to the last available valid $modelValue, i.e. either the last parsed value or the last value set from the scope.

#### $commitViewValue()-
Commit a pending update to the $modelValue.
Updates may be pending by a debounced event or because the input is waiting for a some future event defined in ng-model-options. 

#### $setViewValue(value,trigger)-

Update the view value.
This method should be called when a control wants to change the view value; typically, this is done from within a DOM event handler. 

Parameters

|Param	|Type|	Details|
|----|----|----|
|value|	string|	value from the view.|
|trigger|	string|		Event that triggered the update.|





####Properties

######$viewValue-
*-The actual value from the control's view. For input elements, this is a String. 

######$modelValue -
*- The value in the model that the control is bound to.

######$parsers-
Array.<Function>- Array of functions to execute, as a pipeline, whenever the control reads value from the DOM.
The functions are called in array order, each passing its return value through to the next. 
The last return value is forwarded to the $validators collection.

######$formatters- 
Array.<Function>- Array of functions to execute, as a pipeline, whenever the model value changes. 
The functions are called in reverse array order, each passing the value through to the next. 
The last return value is used as the actual DOM value and is used to format/convert values for display in the control.

######$validators -
Object.<string, function>- A collection of validators that are applied whenever the model value changes.

######$asyncValidators -
Object.<string, function>-A collection of validations that are expected to perform an asynchronous validation (e.g. a HTTP request). 

######$viewChangeListeners- 
Array.<Function>	-Array of functions to execute whenever the view value has changed. It is called with no arguments, and its return value is ignored.

######$error-
Object -An object hash with all failing validator ids as keys.

######$pending-
Object -An object hash with all pending validator ids as keys.

######$untouched – 
boolean -True if control has not lost focus yet.

######$touched - 
boolean -True if control has lost focus.

######$pristine - 
boolean - True if user has not interacted with the control yet.

######$dirty – 
boolean - True if user has already interacted with the control.

######$valid- 
boolean - True if there is no error.

######$invalid- 
boolean - True if at least one error on the control.

######$name – 
string - The name attribute of the control.



