The  Accessible Rich Internet Applications(ARIA) attributes are designed to improve the accessibility of Rich Internet Applications. A more know example is the tabindex:
```html
<form ng-submit="signUp()">
<input type="text" ng-model="name" tabindex="1">
<input type="text" ng-model="email" tabindex="2">
<button tabindex="3">Sign up</button>
</form>
```
The tabindex attributes in the HTML elements, guide the user through the different controls of the form, making it accessible and also fun to interact with.
###Introducing the ngAria
The ngAria makes a11y easy, adding ARIA attributes automatically to the elements.
Currently, the following ARIA attributes are implemented:
•	aria-hidden
•	aria-checked
•	aria-disabled
•	aria-required
•	aria-invalid
•	aria-multiline
•	aria-valuenow
•	aria-valuemin
•	aria-valuemax
•	tabindex

So markup can be written without the ARIA attributes (that honestly,always forget), because now the ngAria take care of that.
Installing
Download it via Bower:
bower install —save angular-aria
Include the script in the HTML:
```javascript
<script src="bower_components/angular-aria/angular-aria.js">
```
Declare the `ngAria` module as a dependency of the app:
`
angular.module('myApp', ['ngAria']);`
Profit! Now `ngAriais` enhancing markup with ARIA attributes automatically! Isn’t that awesome?
Configuring
All the attributes are included by default. If some of them need to turn offed, all needed to do is inject the

`$ariaProvider` and use its config method:
```javascript
angular.module(‘myApp’, [‘ngAria’])
 .config(function($ariaProvider) {
   $ariaProvider.config({
tabindex: false,
ariaHidden: false
   });
 }); 
 ```
 
The ngAriais pretty new and right now has a very little set o features. The good news is that can always either open issues for file bugs or request features. Even better, submit pull requests with awesome improvements to the core of AngularJS

