
A new instance of deferred is constructed by calling $q.defer().

The purpose of the deferred object is to expose the associated Promise instance as well as APIs that can be used for signaling the successful or unsuccessful completion, as well as the status of the task.

Methods

* resolve(value) – resolves the derived promise with the value. If the value is a rejection constructed via $q.reject, the promise will be rejected instead.
* reject(reason) – rejects the derived promise with the reason. This is equivalent to resolving it with a rejection constructed via $q.reject.
* notify(value) - provides updates on the status of the promise's execution. This may be called multiple times before the promise is either resolved or rejected.
Properties

promise – {Promise} – promise object associated with this deferred.

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="OyqNXV" data-default-tab="result" data-user="walkingtree" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree/pen/OyqNXV/'>OyqNXV</a> by Walking Tree (<a href='http://codepen.io/walkingtree'>@walkingtree</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>

#### Explanation
In the above example when we try to get known location api will get location details like latitude and longitude.

If we enter unknown location api will returns an error and we are handling through errorcallback and showing it to user in nice manner.

If we observe in then there are three methods basically called successCallBack, errorCallBack and notifyCallBack.
Each responds based on response. If success then successCallBack is called and if response is error then errorCallBack is called.
