
###Dictionary : Controller:
To exercise restraint or direction over; dominate; command

###Introduction :
In general how we are going to manage or use some amount of JavaScript code instead of having everything. The amount of JavaScript required on a page for applications becomes unmanageable when embedded in event handlers(Onclick, Onmouse) or elsewhere in the page. And just like development in any other environment, you want a good separation of concerns.
When working with JavaScript, our front-end applications are becoming more complex enough that they are applications in their own right. This means that in addition to JavaScript code that is just wire-up to controls on the page (event handlers that just call a function for example), we also have more involved, business logic, that really doesn’t belong directly on the page. We even have data-layer code when you consider ajax calls to be your data-layer. 
Controllers are essentially the entry-point into your front-end business logic; they should contain all the methods that your super-simple code in your page should call. Controllers also allow you to initialize the scope with the models that your page uses. (I was about to say that controllers hold your models, but that’s not true, models go on the scope, not on the controllers).

`Note: Please refer topic Scope for more details on Scope`
###Creating and Referencing a Controllers
```script
 var myModule = angular.module('myModule', []);
 myModule.controller('myController', function($scope) {
    });
```
* Controller is a JavaScript constructor function that is used to augment the Angular Scope
* Controller is attached to the DOM via the ng-controller directive
* A new child scope will be available as an injectable parameter to the Controller's constructor function as $scope
