####Overview:
* AngularJS has a lot of great features for working with HTML that allows you to split up development when you are doing team projects.
* The binding approach and directives allows for a nice separation between developers and designers. 
* Another great piece of the platform is the ability to separate out HTML that you are using over and over again into a template file that can then be called by multiple different pages.

####Defnition:
* In Angular when we talk of a template we really mean the view with the HTML enriched by the various Angular directives and the markup used for data binding .
* Angular, templates are written with HTML that contains Angular-specific elements and attributes. 

####Usage:
* The ng-template directive is used to create an HTML view using script tag. It contains idattribute which is used by $routeProvider to map a view with a controller. 
* Define a script block with type as ng-template within the main module

####Features:
These are the types of Angular elements and attributes you can use:
* <a href="/slidedeck/#1. Overview/2 Core-Concepts/5. Directives" target="_blank">Directive</a> — An attribute or element that augments an existing DOM element or represents a reusable DOM component.
* Markup — The double curly brace notation {{ }} to bind expressions to elements is built-in Angular markup.
* <a href="/slidedeck/#1. Overview/2 Core-Concepts/10. Filter" target="_blank">Filter</a> — Formats data for display.
* <a href="/slidedeck/#4. Views/2. Template/6. Form-Controls/7. Custom Validation" target="_blank">Form controls</a> — Validates user input.
